♪
I PLAY
JUNK ARCHER'S ABILITY!
IT TAKES YOUR PHOENIXIAN
CLUSTER AMARYLLIS...
AND REMOVES IT
FROM THE DUEL!
UH.
AND NOW I'LL
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
♪
UH! AH!
EASY, AKIZA...
YOU NEED TO WORK WITH
YOUR DUEL RUNNER...
LET IT STEER YOU AS MUCH
AS YOUR STEER IT.
AH. AH.
♪
AHH.
-YEAH.
-ALRIGHT!
HA HA!
♪
AH! AKIZA'S REALLY
STARTING TO GET THE HANG
OF THESE TURBO DUELS!
MM-HMM.
BOY...
I CAN'T WAIT 'TIL YUSEI
TEACHES ME HOW TO RIDE!
YEAH, WHEN THEY INVENT
DUEL TRAINING WHEELS!
HA HA!
-YOU'RE JUST A KID!
-I AM NOT!
I'M A GOOD TWO MINUTES OLDER
THAN YOU, REMEMBER?!
I'LL SHOW LUNA. I WILL
LEARN HOW TO TURBO DUEL
NO MATTER WHAT IT TAKES!
♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
♪
BAH...WHAT GIVES?!
SINCE IT WAS TWO SIGNERS
THAT JUST DUELED IT OUT...
I THOUGHT FOR SURE THAT
THE CIRCUIT WOULD ACTIVATE!
PATIENCE, LESTER.
FOR WHAT WE ARE PLANNING,
GREAT POWER IS REQUIRED.
AND GREAT POWER
WILL BE PRODUCED.
IF NOT NOW, THEN CERTAINLY AT
THE WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX.
THEN, ALL THE CIRCUITS
WILL BE ACTIVATED
AND OUR GRAND DESIGN WILL,
AT LONG LAST, BE REALIZED...
AND THIS WORLD WILL NEVER
BE THE SAME.
DON'T BE A SIMPLETON,
JAKOB.
AH!
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN ALL
ABOUT THE CRIMSON DRAGON?
IT'S THE REASON
GOODWIN FAILED.
AND AS LONG AS IT EXISTS,
IT HAS THE POTENTIAL
TO DERAIL OUR SCHEMES, TOO.
WE WOULD BE FOOLS
TO SIMPLY IGNORE
SUCH A GRAVE AND POWERFUL
THREAT AS THIS.
SO WHAT ARE YOU
SAYING, PRIMO?
I'M SAYING
WE TAKE ACTION!
SINCE IT'S YUSEI FUDO
WHO WIELDS THE POWER
OF THE STARDUST DRAGON,
IT'S THROUGH YUSEI
WE'LL NEUTRALIZE IT.
OR BETTER YET, MAKE THIS
ALMIGHTY BEAST OUR OWN!
AND HOW DO YOU PLAN
ON DOING THAT, PRIMO?
BY BEATING YUSEI
IN A DUEL?
[AMUSED GIGGLING]
EXACTLY.
AH! IT'S HERE!
♪
MY STONE TABLET!
YOU KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS...
PRIMO DOESN'T GET TO HAVE
ALL THE FUN BY HIMSELF!
[GLEEFUL SNICKERING]
HMM.
Man: WHOA! ANOTHER METEOR!
OH, NO!
♪
[BOOM]
WHAT?
A GIANT METEOR?
UH-HUH! EVERYONE'S
TALKIN' ABOUT IT!
BUT DIDN'T A METEOR HIT
A COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO?
IT SURE DID, LEO, AND THAT'S
RIGHT AROUND THE TIME
THE GHOST STARTED
TO MAKE HIS APPEARANCES.
YEAH...
SO THIS IS BAD.
VERY. WHICH MEANS
WE CAN'T TAKE ANY CHANCES.
I AGREE.
THEN LET'S HEAD
OVER THERE!
RIGHT.
Man: I DON'T LIKE
THE LOOKS OF THIS.
Child: IT'S GIGANTIC!
HEY... WHAT'S
GOING ON HERE?
I DON'T KNOW DUDE, THE MAN
WON'T LET US GET ANY CLOSER.
WHAT? BUT WE GOTTA
SEE THE METEOR!
SORRY, BROFESSOR,
THEY'VE GOT THE WHOLE
CRATER SURROUNDED.
OH! AW, NUTS.
AH, MAN,
WE'RE TOO LATE.
WHAT NOW, YUSEI?
WELL...I GUESS WE JUST
HOPE FOR THE BEST.
BUT SOMETHING
INSIDE ME...
IS FEARING THE WORST...
♪
DID YOU DO YOUR HOMEWORK?
CAN I BORROW
A PENCIL?
ALRIGHT, STUDENTS,
SETTLE DOWN.
TODAY, WE HAVE
A NEW CLASSMATE
THAT I'M GOING TO
INTRODUCE YOU TO.
PLEASE, COME ON IN.
NOW HE JUST TRANSFERRED
FROM OUT OF TOWN,
SO LET'S MAKE HIM
FEEL VERY WELCOME.
MEET LESTER.
HI, EVERYONE.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
OH! HE'S DREAMY! HA HA.
HI.
OH. OH...
IS THIS GUY SERIOUS
WITH THAT HAIR?
SHEESH.
NOW I'M SURE
YOU'VE ALL HEARD ABOUT
THE DUEL PREP JUNIOR
GRAND PRIX COMPETITION
THAT'S HELD AT EAST ACADEMY
EVERY YEAR, RIGHT, CLASS?
YEAH! ISN'T THAT LIKE A
BIG-TIME DUEL MEET OVER THERE?
WHERE THE BEST OF
THE BEST GO AT IT?
RIGHT. AND I'M TOLD
THAT LESTER HERE
ACTUALLY WON THAT TOURNAMENT
NOT SO LONG AGO!
CUTE AND HE CAN DUEL?!
NOW, NOW, EVERYONE,
ONE AT A TIME,
I'M SURE YOU ALL WANT
TO HEAR ABOUT IT, SO...
IF YOU HAVE A QUESTION,
JUST RAISE YOUR HAND.
OOOH! ME, ME!
WOW, HE SURE SEEMS NICE,
DON'T YOU THINK, LEO?
EH, I GUESS...
[THINKING]
HMM...I NEVER HEARD
OF ANY "LESTER"
WINNING
THAT COMPETITION.
WHATEVS, I'LL BET I BEAT
THIS GUY IN DUEL P.E.
NEXT PERIOD EASY!
WAH!
GO GEAR GOLEM
THE MOVING FORTRESS...
ATTACK MORPHTRONIC VIDEON!
♪
UH!
LESTER WINS THE MATCH!
THAT WAS
TOTALLY AWESOME!
WOW! SWEET MOVES!
LESTER, YOU'RE MY NEW HERO!
WILL YOU AUTOGRAPH MY FACE?
AW...
HUH. THANKS.
ALL IN A DAY'S WORK.
WELL, WE HAVE ONE MORE
MATCH TO GO...
LUNA AND BOB,
IT'S YOUR TURN TO DUEL NOW.
-RIGHT!
NICE DUELING, LESTER!
THANKS. CAN'T WAIT
TO WATCH YOU.
OH! OH. YOU'RE GOING
TO WATCH ME DUEL?
WOW, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO SAY.
[THINKING]
HUH. OF COURSE I'M
GOING TO WATCH YOU.
YOU'RE A SIGNER
AFTER ALL.
Maria: ALRIGHT,
YOU TWO, DUEL!
I'LL GO FIRST!
I SUMMON
SUNLIGHT UNICORN.
AND AFTER THAT, LET'S
SEE HERE. UH...I DUNNO.
MAYBE THIS ONE?
♪
Lester: LUNA?
AH? OH...HEY, LESTER.
WHAT HAPPENED?
WHY'D YOU LOSE THAT DUEL?
IT SEEMED LIKE YOU WEREN'T
REALLY TRYING YOUR HARDEST,
ALMOST LIKE YOU LET
THAT OTHER KID WIN.
OH...UH...
I KNOW YOU CAN DO
BETTER THAN THAT.
NO, THAT WAS
MY VERY BEST.
GUESS I JUST HAVE
A LOT TO LEARN.
OH, COME ON...
ANYWAY, I REALLY
OUGHTA GO NOW.
I'M LATE FOR, UH,
SOMETHING!
HUH. SHE LOST ON PURPOSE TO
CONCEAL HER SIGNER POWERS.
BUT I HAVE WAYS OF MAKING
HER SHOW THE TRUTH.
Luna: AH...
HE'S AMAZING, YUSEI!
YOU SHOULD'VE SEEN THE WAY
HE PLAYED TRAP CARDS,
THE WAY HE SUMMONED
OUT MONSTERS!
HE'S GOT ALL THE MAKINGS
OF A GREAT DUELIST!
OH, YEAH, AND HE'S
SUPER CUTE, AS WELL!
THAT'S GREAT, LUNA.
SOUNDS LIKE YOU REALLY
LIKE THIS LESTER.
EVERYONE LIKES HIM!
RIGHT, LEO?
EH, THERE'S SOMETHING FISHY
ABOUT HIM IF YA ASK ME.
HUH?
WELL, I'M GOING HOME.
SEE YA LATER.
♪
WHAT'S GOING ON
WITH LEO?
OH, HE'S JUST UPSET BECAUSE HE
LOST TO LESTER IN A DUEL TODAY.
♪
BYE, GUYS!
-Lester: LUNA?
-HUH?
GOOD MORNING!
LESTER?
HEY. I WAS WONDERING...
WHAT ARE YA UP
TO AFTER SCHOOL?
-UM, TODAY?
-THAT'S RIGHT.
SHE'S UP TO STUFF
WITHOUT YOU!
I WAS WONDERING
IF YOU WANTED TO HANG OUT.
CAN'T YA TAKE A HINT--
SHOO!
YOU COULD EVEN COME
TO MY HOUSE.
THERE'S SOMETHING THERE
I'D LIKE TO SHOW YOU.
REALLY?
YEAH. YOU'LL SEE
WHEN YOU GET THERE.
LOOK, I SAID NO
AND THAT'S THAT
SO GO BRUSH YOUR HAIR
OR SOMETHIN'.
ACTUALLY, I WASN'T
TALKING TO YOU, LEO.
I WAS TALKING TO YOUR
SISTER, SO BUTT OUT!
OH, SURE, I'LL BUTT
OUT ALL RIGHT!
BUT I'M BUTTING OUT
WITH BOTH OUR BUTTS!
LET'S GO, LUNA.
OW, YOU'RE HURTING
MY ARM.
SORRY, LESTER.
MY BROTHER'S
A LITTLE...PROTECTIVE.
GRR...
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?
SO YOU LOST TO
LESTER IN A DUEL.
GET OVER IT. IT'S NOT
THAT BIG OF A DEAL.
LOOK, THERE'S JUST SOMETHING
OFF ABOUT THAT GUY.
OH...
THERE YOU ARE, LEO.
UH...YES,
MISS BARTLET?
WOULD YOU MIND
STAYING AFTER SCHOOL
FOR JUST
A LITTLE BIT TODAY?
I NEED YOUR HELP
WITH SOMETHING.
OH...I, UH,
GUESS THAT'S FINE.
GREAT.
SEE YOU THEN!
♪
HMM.
SEE YA LATER!
TILL TOMORROW!
BYE GUYS!
[HORN HONKS]
HUH?
♪
HEY THERE, LUNA.
UM, LESTER,
IS THAT YOU?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
IN THAT FANCY CAR?
AW, IT'S JUST
MY RIDE HOME.
HEY, YOU STILL UP
TO HANG OUT?
UM...I GUESS.
GREAT. HOP IN.
WE'LL GO TO MY HOUSE.
OOH, AND I CAN
SHOW YOU THAT THING!
SURE. I GUESS THAT
WOULD BE ALRIGHT.
♪
I WISH THAT WAS
ME IN THERE.
JUST BE HAPPY YOU GOT
YOUR FACE AUTOGRAPHED.
♪
AH. I DON'T GET IT.
TEACH ASKS ME TO
STAY AFTER SCHOOL...
THEN DITCHES ME.
LEO?
WHY ARE YOU HERE?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I MEAN FINAL BELL
RANG AN HOUR AGO.
YOU SHOULD GO HOME.
SEE YOU TOMORROW.
HUH? WHAT?!
♪
WHOA. FIRST THE CAR AND
NOW THIS AMAZING HOUSE?!
WOW, LESTER, WHAT
OTHER SURPRISES
DO YOU HAVE
IN STORE FOR ME?
A FEW.
WELCOME HOME,
YOUNG MASTER AND MISS.
WHY, THANK YOU.
HEY.
WHO'S THIS GUY?
MY BUTLER.
HEY, WHIP US UP A COUPLE
OF LEMONADES, HUH?
OF COURSE, RIGHT AWAY.
[THINKING]
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
I'M NOT WITH LUNA FOR TEN
MINUTES AND LESTER SWOOPS IN!
YEAH, I SAW YOUR SIS.
SHE WAS WITH LESTER.
I THINK SHE'S GOING
TO HIS PLACE.
I'VE GOT SOMETHING
TO SHOW YOU, LUNA!
[EVIL SNICKER]
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT HE'S UP TO....
BUT WHEN I CATCH
UP WITH HIM
HE'LL BE UP TO HIS
EARS IN TROUBLE!
DON'T WORRY, LUNA.
I'M COMING! UH!
♪
IT LOOKS LIKE WE HAVE
OURSELVES AN INTRUDER.
♪
AH.
LUNA?
OH!
WHAT IS THAT?!
HA HA!
♪
LESTER,
WHAT IS THAT THING?
OH!
AH.
HA HA. IT'S WHAT I
WANTED TO SHOW YOU.
♪
YAH. HA HA! YEAH!
WOO-HOO!
OH! OH!
WOW, YOU'RE
AMAZING WITH IT!
WHY, THANK YOU.
NOW WHY DON'T YOU
GIVE IT A TRY.
OH, NO, NO. I WOULDN'T
BE ANY GOOD AT IT.
WELL, THAT'S A SHAME BECAUSE I
MADE IT ESPECIALLY FOR YOU.
YOU DID?
YEAH, IT'S A PRESENT
FROM ME...TO YOU. HERE.
UH, REALLY?
THANKS, LESTER,
THAT'S SO SWEET.
IF YOU REALLY WANT TO THANK ME,
LUNA, YOU'LL TRY IT OUT.
RIGHT NOW.
IN A DUEL WITH ME.
TRY IT OUT IN A DUEL?
[THINKING]
HOW DO YOU DUEL WITH
ONE OF THOSE THINGS?
YES, IN A DUEL, LUNA.
YOU JUST PLUG IT INTO A DUEL
DISK, AND YOU'RE GOOD TO GO.
THERE, NOW, YA SEE
HOW EASY THAT WAS?
YEAH, GUESS SO.
OH! SO IT'S SOME KIND
OF DUEL BOARD?
I GOTTA TELL THE GUYS
ABOUT THIS.
♪
AH...
THAT'S IT. YOU'RE
GETTING THE HANG OF IT.
JUST RELAX!
LET THE BOARD DO THE WORK--
NICE AND EASY...
WAY TO GO.
YOU'RE DOING GREAT!
YOUR DRINKS,
YOUNG MASTER.
AH. THANK YOU.
WHAT ABOUT
THE OTHER GUEST?
HE SEEMS TO HAVE LEFT.
EXCELLENT...
JUST AS PLANNED.
[DEVIOUS SNICKER]
BY THE WAY, THANKS FOR BEING
SUCH A SWELL BUTLER, PRIMO.
NO, LESTER, THANK YOU.
IT'S NOT EVERY DAY YOU GET
TO PLAY HOST TO A SIGNER.
YES, GOOD POINT.
[DEVIOUS SNICKERING]
Jack: A DUEL BOARD?
YEAH. SEE, IT'S PRETTY
MUCH A SKATEBOARD
EXCEPT IT HAS THIS CORD
THAT CONNECTS TO
A DUEL DISK LIKE THIS.
INTERESTING. SO THEN
WITH THIS DEVICE
YOU WOULDN'T NEED TO
USE A DUEL RUNNER
TO BATTLE IT OUT
IN A TURBO DUEL.
WHAT DO YOU MAKE
OF IT, YUSEI?
DON'T KNOW. I MEAN,
IT LOOKS SIMPLE ENOUGH.
IN FACT, I BET WE HAVE
THE PARTS TO PUT ONE
TOGETHER RIGHT HERE.
WAIT. ARE YOU SAYING YOU
CAN ACTUALLY MAKE ONE
OF THESE THINGS
RIGHT NOW IN THE SHOP?
OH YUSEI,
WE'VE JUST GOT TO!
THAT WAY IF LESTER TRIES
ANY FUNNY BUSINESS,
I'LL BE READY FOR HIM!
WILL YOU DO IT?!
YEAH, I GUESS SO.
Luna:
THANKS AGAIN, LESTER.
SORRY WE DIDN'T GET
A CHANCE TO DUEL.
OH, IT'S OKAY.
MAYBE TOMORROW?
SURE.
OH, IS IT COOL
IF LEO TAGS ALONG, TOO?
OH, YOUR BROTHER?
I KNOW YOU GUYS HAVE
HAD YOUR DIFFERENCES,
BUT HE'D LOVE
THE DUEL BOARD!
IT MIGHT BE A GOOD WAY
FOR YOU TWO TO MAKE UP!
OF COURSE...
HE'S MORE THAN WELCOME.
SEE YA, LUNA.
OKAY, BYE!
♪
LEO, I'M HOME!
LEO? HELLO?
UH. THAT'S WEIRD,
WONDER WHERE HE IS.
♪
WHOA...
LEO STILL HASN'T COME HOME?
♪
FEELS GOOD.
BALANCE IS RIGHT.
♪
TIME TO TEST
THIS BAD BOY OUT.
♪
TOO EASY. HA HA! OH!
THAT HURT. HUH?
HA HA HA!
BUT STILL.
♪
I CAN'T GIVE UP!
HA HA! AH!
HA HA! OOH! UH-OH!
♪
UH! AH, AGAIN!
HUH? LUNA!
LUNA, HOW'D YA FIND ME?
YUSEI TOLD ME
WHAT YOU WERE UP TO.
THAT YOU'RE TRAINING
TO TAKE ON LESTER.
YEAH, SO LEMME GUESS, YOU'RE
HERE TO TRY AND STOP ME.
RIGHT.
STOP YOU FROM TRAINING
BY YOURSELF, THAT IS.
HUH?
I THOUGHT
I'D TRAIN WITH YOU.
SORRY WE'VE BEEN
DISTANT LATELY.
CAN WE MAKE UP?
MM-HMM.
-WOO-HOO!
-SEE IF YOU CAN CATCH ME!
I THINK I'M GETTING
THE HANG OF THIS!
CHECK OUT THIS SPEED!
HA HA!
♪
HUH?
WHO IS THAT?
[THINKING]
I'M TIRED OF WAITING.
I'M GOING TO DUEL A SIGNER
AND I'M GOING TO DUEL HER NOW!
HA HA!
WHOA! OH!
AH!
SORRY BUT HE'S USELESS.
THE ONE I WANT
TO DUEL IS YOU!
AND YOU'RE GOING
TO DUEL ME
WHETHER
YOU LIKE IT OR NOT!
♪
HOLD ON A SEC!
WHOA!
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
THIS DUEL BOARD
IS MOVING ON ITS OWN!
IT SURE IS!
LEO!
NO!
I'LL SAVE YOU!
HEY, WHOEVER YOU ARE,
HOW 'BOUT YOU TAKE
ME ON, TOO!
WHATEVER.
IF THAT'S WHAT IT'S
GONNA TAKE TO DO THIS!
I ACTIVATE THE FIELD SPELL
SPEED WORLD 2!
♪
WHOA!
OH!
Duel Runner Computer:
A TURBO DUEL IS ABOUT
TO COMMENCE.
NOW FORMULATING
CROSS-TOWN DUEL COURSE
AND AWAITING CENTRAL
GRID AUTHORITY'S
OFFICIAL AUTHORIZATION...
AUTHORIZATION GRANTED.
WHAT DO I DO?
I'VE NEVER BEEN IN A REAL LIVE
TURBO DUEL BEFORE, LEO!
DON'T WORRY! I'VE GOT
YOUR BACK, LUNA!
AND BESIDES, SIS...
YOU CAN TAKE CARE
OF YOURSELF.
YOU'VE BEEN TRAINING,
'MEMBER?
MM-HMM.
♪
All: NOW LET'S DUEL!
YOU FIRST, LUNA.
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU GOT!
WITH PLEASURE!
FOR MY FIRST MOVE,
I SUMMON BIRD OF ROSES!
[SQUAWKING]
Duel Runner Computer:
WHEN THE MONSTER CARD BIRD OF
ROSES IS DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
YOU CAN SUMMON TWO PLANT-TYPE
TUNER MONSTERS FROM YOUR DECK.
I WAS HOPING
FOR MORE FROM YOU.
HUH. LIKE THIS!
♪
FROM MY HAND,
I SUMMON ABSURD STEALER!
WHEN THIS CARD
IS SUMMONED,
THE ATTACK POINTS OF
YOUR MONSTER BECOMES 0,
AND MY MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
BECOME EQUAL TO YOUR
MONSTER'S DEFENSE POINTS
UNTIL THE END PHASE!
NOW, ABSURD STEALER,
ATTACK BIRD OF ROSES!
BLINDING BLUE BLAST!
[SHRIEKS]
UH! AAH!
♪
NO!
[ROAR]
HUH?
UH! THANKS!
I OWE YA ONE, REGULUS. UH!
OH, BY THE WAY...
THE DAMAGE YOU TAKE TO YOUR
LIFE POINTS IN THIS DUEL
YOU TAKE AS WELL!
REAL DAMAGE?!
UH!
♪
MY MARK. LUNA.
I PLAY AN ABILITY!
BY DESTROYING
MY BIRD OF ROSES,
YOU ENABLED ME TO GROW A GARDEN
OF DEFENSE ON MY FIELD.
SO COME ON OUT, TUNER
MONSTERS NETTLES AND SPORE!
WHATEVER. I'LL THROW THREE
FACEDOWNS AND END MY TURN.
HERE WE GO, LEO.
YOU WANTED A TURBO DUEL
AND NOW YOU'VE GOT ONE!
TIME TO SHOW THIS CREEP
WHATCHA GOT!
IT'S MY TURN!
FIRST I SUMMON...
MORPHTRONIC DATATRON
FROM MY HAND!
♪
AND I'M PUTTING HIM
RIGHT TO WORK
WITH AN ATTACK!
-NOT SO FAST!
-HUH?
I ACTIVATE
MY TRAP EXUS SUMMON!
NOW I CAN TAKE THE MONSTER
YOU JUST TARGETED
AND RETURN HIM
BACK TO MY HAND,
THEN I CAN SUMMON OUT
A WEAKER MONSTER,
AND HE'LL TAKE THE HIT
FOR HIM!
COME ON OUT...
SKY CORE!
♪
ZERO ATTACK POINTS?
NEXT I'LL PLAY
ANOTHER TRAP!
TORRENTIAL TRIBUTE!
NOW SINCE ONE MONSTER
WAS SUMMONED,
ALL MONSTERS ON THE FIELD
ARE WASHED AWAY!
-HUH?
-HE DESTROYED HIS OWN MONSTER?
THAT'S RIGHT I DID!
BECAUSE SINCE SKY CORE IS
DESTROYED DUE TO A CARD EFFECT,
I CAN NOW PLAY A MONSTER
SO POWERFUL
IT TAKES FIVE CARDS
TO SUMMON HIM!
GO MACHINE EMPEROR
SKIEL INFINITY!
GO SKIEL TOP!
GO SKIEL ATTACK!
GO SKIEL GUARD!
AND GO SKIEL CARRIER!
WHOA, HE JUST SUMMONED
FIVE MONSTERS AT ONCE!
THAT'S TRUE
BUT LOOKS CAN BE DECEIVING.
DO YOUR THING,
MACHINE EMPEROR!
♪
NOW FIVE MONSTERS
HAVE BECOME ONE!
FEEL BETTER?
NOT REALLY 'CAUSE THAT'S
THE BIGGEST MONSTER
I'VE EVER SEEN!
♪